README.md, before:

# Scaling Mobs
This is a server side mod that allows for scaling of the attributes health, damage and speed. You can configure it through a file and choose on what days the attributes should be applied/active.

Here's a list of the configuration options that can be found in the `scalingmobs.toml` file within the configuration directory.
| Name                | Value                      | Description                                                                        |
| ------------------- | -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| activeNthDay        | Number                     | A number of 3 means that the attributes will be applied every 3rd day              |
| start               | Number                     | The start value of scaling                                                         |
| max                 | Number                     | The maximum value it can scale to                                                  |
| min                 | Number                     | The minimum value it can scale to                                                  |
| scalingType         | "LINEAR","EXPONENTIAL"     | Should it scale linearly or exponentially                                           |
| exponentialIncrease | Number (recommended 1.0-2.0) | If scalingType is exponential then what procentual increase should it have per day |
| linearIncrease      | Number                     | If scalingType is linear then what value increase should it have per day           |
| scaleByActiveDays   | true,false                 | Should it scale by days passed or active days passed                               |

Commit message:

Reworked scaling attributes/configuration
Changed configuration and added a distance from spawn scaling factor

README.md, after:

# Scaling Mobs
This is a server side mod that allows for scaling of the attributes health, damage and speed. You can configure it through a file and choose on what days the attributes should be applied/active.

Here's a list of the configuration options that can be found in the `scalingmobs.toml` file within the configuration directory.
| Name                | Value                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| activeNthDay        | Number                                          | A number of 3 means that the attributes will be applied every 3rd day. For scaling to always be applied this number should be 1. (Do not put it to 0, that will crash the game.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| start               | Number                                          | The start value of scaling                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| max                 | Number                                          | The maximum value it can scale to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| min                 | Number                                          | The minimum value it can scale to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| scalingType         | "LINEAR","EXPONENTIAL"                          | Should it scale linearly or exponentially                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| scalingFactor       | "DAYS","ACTIVE_DAYS", "DISTANCE_FROM_SPAWN"     | If scaling by "DAYS" it will increase the scaling factor/variable once per day. For "ACTIVE_DAYS" it will only increase it every active day that goes by. "DISTANCE_FROM_SPAWN" will scale by blocks from (0, 0) of where the mob spawned. (Useful to pull out a graphing calculator since it's hard to get right)                                                                                                    |
| exponentialIncrease | Number (recommended 1.0-2.0)                    | If scalingType is exponential then what procentual increase should it have per day, essentially start * exponentialIncrease ^ scalingFactor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| linearIncrease      | Number                                          | If scalingType is linear then what value increase should it have per day, this becoming start + linearIncrease * scalingFactor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
